docs(design): add latency definition, records service and visualization (#106)
tier4/CARET_doc: docs/design/processing_trace_data/records.md

# Records Object

> CARET stores trace data as a table as shown below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
CARET provides trace data to user. The most primitive format is a table per event, which is picked up by tracepoint, shown as below.
```

| callback_start_timestamp | callback_end_timestamp |
| ------------------------ | ---------------------- |
| 0                        | 0.1                    |
| 1                        | 1.1                    |
| 2                        | 2.1                    |
| ...                      | ...                    |

> This table is processed to calculate latency, period, etc (See [Records Service](./records_service.md)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This table is referred to calculate latency, period, and etc. (See [Records Service](./records_service.md)).
```

Reviewer: @hsgwa  
I think that latency is calculated from this table. If this is true, `refer` might be more appropriate word.

> To create the above table, merging processes are performed with the traced results.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The most primitive format is a table per event which picked up by a corresponding tracepoint. Merging multiple event tables makes a new table for metrics.
```

> In addition to general table join processing, CARET defines classes which has originally defined join processing for latency calculation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition to simple table merging, CARET defines classes which has originally defined merging method for latency calculation.
```

Reviewer: I think that there is no difference; merging and joining, isn't it?
